[#9885] add `tls:` server endpoint that supports SNI, PEM parsing, and supporting code that changes OpenSSL connection/context building (#11861)
twisted/twisted: docs/core/howto/ssl.rst

Reviewer: The [overview section of this document](https://docs.twisted.org/en/stable/core/howto/ssl.html#overview) needs an update to mention the `tls:` endpoint, rather than `SSL4ServerEndpoint`.

Consider moving the ALPN section up. It seems more relevant these days than `startTLS`.

The [conclusion section of this document](https://docs.twisted.org/en/stable/core/howto/ssl.html#overview) should mention ALPN.

TLS Quick Start
---------------

To set up a TLS server, use the ``tls:`` string endpoint prefix.

> If you're using a command-line tool with a ``--listen`` argument, such as ``twist web``, you can create an ``tls:`` endpoint that serves your certificate on port 443, by doing ``twist web --listen tls:/path/to/certbot/config/live:443``.

Reviewer 2: Maybe give a more "exact" path used by certbot ?

I am not sure if you should pass `/etc/letsencrypt/live/certname` or `/etc/letsencrypt/live` 

I guess that SNI is supported... so you pass `/etc/letsencrypt/live` 

```suggestion
If you're using a command-line tool with a ``--listen`` argument, such as ``twist web``, you can create an ``tls:`` endpoint that serves your certificate on port 443, by doing ``twist web --listen tls:/etc/letsencrypt/live:443``.
```

Author: > I am not sure if you should pass `/etc/letsencrypt/live/certname` or `/etc/letsencrypt/live`

I put `/live` on the end of the path to illustrate that you should be pointing at the live directory. Pointing at `…/certname` would only let you serve a single cert which would defeat the point of all this logic I added to collect SANs and map them using SNI :)

Author: I had not seen "/etc/letsencrypt" as a standard location before. I can find various forum posts indicating it's a place that some people put stuff in their config files but I haven't seen where it's documented as a default.
